What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	When you initialize a repository it just creates a .git folder with an empty repository. You can then decide whether to add one or more files from the folder you initialized.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

	Staging area is in the middle of working directory and git repository. It helps in making sure that you eventually commit only those files which you have added in staging area with one commit command.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
	
	If we change 2 files but having one logical change then we can add two files seperately but then commit once we finish changes in both the fiels.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

	Branches would be really helpful if you wnat to have either a different flavour of game/tool/program or lets say you want to try an experimental feature and don't want to disturb the main branch.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
	
	Quite neat way of understanding how different branches are connected. But not that great grahpics. Its quite basics but probably with command line this what you should expect.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
	
	Additions of both branches are merged and if there is a issue in terms of spaces because of windows and mac CFLF thingi then it creates a conflict.
	Diagram helps visualize which branches are named and also which branches could be merged and so on.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

	Automatic merging is pretty cool in that sense it shows exactly what has changed and if there is conflict it opens in a merged conflict file. This allows to make changes there andd then and resolve the conflict. In certain situations where you need to discuss with other partners it will show exactly the conflicting area. Also, it might be better to do diff before merging files when especially two or more people are working on these files.